Add admonition to improve differentiation between ignored files and findings (#986)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/ignoring-files-folders-code.md

Exclude specific files, folders or parts of code from results of Semgrep scans in your repository or working directory. Semgrep does not generate findings for the ignored items.

All Semgrep environments (CLI, CI, and App) adhere to user-defined or Semgrep-defined ignore patterns.

:::info

> Ignoring files or folders is different from ignoring a **finding**, which is a triage operation after a Semgrep scan has found and reported a match. See [Finding status](/managing-findings/#finding-status) for more information about ignored findings. Ignored files, and folders are skipped, ignored findings were reported, and then manually ignored by users.

Reviewer: > Ignored files, and folders are skipped, ignored findings were reported, and then manually ignored by users.

This sentence is a bit confusing to me

> Ignoring files or folders is different from ignoring a **finding**, which is a triage operation after a Semgrep scan has found and reported a match. See [Finding status](/managing-findings/#finding-status) for more information about ignored findings. Ignored files, and folders are skipped, ignored findings were reported, and then manually ignored by users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ignoring files or folders is different from ignoring a **finding**, which is a triage operation after a Semgrep scan has found and reported a match. To triage findings as "ignored", see [Ignoring findings](semgrep-code/findings/#ignoring-findings). This document focuses on ignoring files and folders, which means these are skipped by Semgrep and **not** scanned.
```

Author: Used parts of this suggestion above in https://github.com/returntocorp/semgrep-docs/pull/986#discussion_r1183969301

> Ignoring files or folders is different from ignoring a **finding**, which is a triage operation after a Semgrep scan has found and reported a match. To triage findings as "ignored", see [Ignoring findings](semgrep-code/findings/#ignoring-findings). This document focuses on ignoring files and folders, which means these are skipped by Semgrep and **not** scanned.

Author: ```suggestion
Ignoring files or folders differs from ignoring a **finding**.
- **Ignoring findings**: When Semgrep finds a match in scanned code and reports it as a finding, you can ignore the finding in Semgrep Code. Semgrep Code still keeps a record of ignored findings for you to review. See [Ignoring findings](semgrep-code/findings/#ignoring-findings) section.
- **Ignoring files or folders**: When you define files or folders that Semgrep must ignore, these files are skipped by Semgrep and **not** scanned. Consequently, there is no code that can be matched and reported as a finding in skipped files. Defining files or folders that Semgrep skips is the focus of this document.
```
